c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.AddValidacaoEditoras.resources
C:\Users\vagner.castro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
